# CS-255

The DriverPass project provides a web application that allows users to schedule appointments according to available packages offered by DriverPass. It also allows staff to schedule or modify appointments and moderate accounts. The client, DriverPass, wanted a globally accessible application that worked on any device anywhere. This was enabled through the usage of a web application interfacing with a central database. In order to protect both the client and staff's information, I have put extra effort into a more robust security system. I believe this system functions particularly well through the use of limited authorizaton attepts and password resets. As such, the documentation showcasing this system in effect such as the UML sequence diagram were well done. 

If I were to improve this project, I would focus on revising the assumptions and limitations of the Business Requirements Document. I feel that the assumptions and limitations I had selected were too basic and non-technical. They were extremely generic items such as needs a device or internet and I would like to improve the specifics and tailor it to the project. Incorporating specific limitations and assumptions for the application interface itself as well as things like upload or download speed. In order to implement the user's needs, I focused on making the system easy to use for all and accessible anywhere. These were basic needs of the client and user and in order to implement them, I focused on streamlining the user experience and ensuring that all of their needs were captured in the app. The system was also set up through a web app interfaced with a central database which allows it to be accessed by the client or users from any location. It was important to consider the user's needs as they are the bacbone of the system. Without satisfied, interested users there is no need for the app and the company will not generate profits. To approach designing software, I first jot out the needs of both the users and clients. I then take these needs and incorporate them into diagrams to better track how they interact and flow. I then take these diagrams and refine hem before furthering the process. UML style diagrams make it much easier to analyze systems and refine them to better fit the client's needs.
